README.md, before:

<div align="center">
<img width="1200" height="475" alt="GHBanner" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0aa67016-6eaf-458a-adb2-6e31a0763ed6" />
</div>

# Run and deploy your AI Studio app

This contains everything you need to run your app locally.

View your app in AI Studio: https://ai.studio/apps/drive/14KopxeaB9dyr9pfe8-sgIRF24PyK7yv-

## Run Locally

**Prerequisites:** Node.js (use Node LTS)

We recommend using an LTS Node release (Node 18 or Node 20). Native modules such as `better-sqlite3` provide prebuilt binaries for LTS versions and will install reliably on those runtimes.

If you use nvm (macOS/Linux) or nvm-windows, you can switch to Node 18 with:

```powershell
# nvm (macOS/Linux)
nvm install 18
nvm use 18

# nvm-windows
nvm install 18.20.0
nvm use 18.20.0
```

You can also use the provided `.nvmrc` to pick the recommended version:

```powershell
nvm use # will read .nvmrc and switch to Node 18
```

1. Install dependencies:
   ```powershell
   npm install
   ```
2. Set the `GEMINI_API_KEY` in [.env.local](.env.local) to your Gemini API key
3. Run the app in dev mode:
   ```powershell
   npm run dev
   ```

Commit message:

feat: Update dependencies and build configuration
This commit updates several dependencies in `package.json`, including `electron`, `electron-builder`, and `electron-rebuild`. It also refactors the `package.json` scripts to include new build commands for Electron applications.

The `index.html` file has been updated to include `electron-store`, `path`, `vite`, `@vitejs/plugin-react`, `class-variance-authority`, `clsx`, and `tailwind-merge` in its import map, allowing these modules to be loaded directly from CDN.

The `main.js` file has been updated to initialize `electron-store` asynchronously and to include a basic application menu and icon. It also adjusts the path for loading the application in production builds.

The `electron/scraper.js` file has been refactored to use Playwright's `chromium` directly for launching the browser and managing pages, simplifying the scraping logic. The login process is also updated to support manual login via URL.

Minor adjustments are made to `index.tsx` and `App.tsx` to remove trailing whitespace. The `Content-Security-Policy` in `index.html` is updated to allow `img-src` with `data:` URIs.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
<img width="1200" height="475" alt="GHBanner" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0aa67016-6eaf-458a-adb2-6e31a0763ed6" />
</div>

# AI Archivist

This contains everything you need to run your app locally.

## Run Locally

**Prerequisites:** Node.js (we recommend an LTS release like Node 18 or 20)

1.  **Install Dependencies:**
    Open your terminal in the project root and run:
    ```sh
    npm install
    ```

2.  **Run in Development Mode:**
    This project uses Vite for a fast frontend development experience with hot-reloading. You'll need two terminal windows.

    *   In your **first terminal**, start the Vite dev server:
        ```sh
        npm run dev
        ```
    *   In your **second terminal**, start the Electron application shell:
        ```sh
        npm start
        ```

    The Electron window will open and load the app from the Vite server. Changes you make to the React code will now appear instantly.

3.  **Build for Production:**
    To package the application for distribution, run:
    ```sh
    npm run electron:build
    ```
    This will create a production-ready installer in the `dist` folder.
